Have the arms What do we need to do with the arms.
I think they need to come down so I'm going to begin.
I'll begin here as well but this time I won't go to the same place so in fact these two what I could
do is I could.
Let me try this.
I'm going to move one a little bit forward like this.
See what happens here.
There I'm seeing a little bit more of a difference.
All right.
I'm going to go ahead and deal with the arms here and move this back a bit.
So with the arms I think they too need to kind of drop a bit.
So at this point maybe this one comes down a hair and then at this point we hear this one maybe drops
like that looks like that's coming out.
Don't want to drop that quite that far.
Something like that.
I don't want a pole.
I don't want to pull this away from the arm and lock the joint like that that's always going to create
some sort of popping.
So I don't want to pull it that far.
All right and take a look at how this looks
too much like I think for several of these let's to the arm.
I'm going to start dragging these back a bit
like this.
Let me try this.
And the foot.
I'll take one of these back and maybe this one back quite a bit here like this is try this.
That's interesting actually.
Where is this foot.
I'm not sold on this yet.
Here it is.
Maybe I'll just rotate it and see how that works.
Yeah that's a little better.
Well move this forward just a bit like this and then try that.
All right.
Let's take a look at this from the camera point of view.
OK I'm going to go back to frame one and I'll come back here to frame maybe 200 and let's watch this
from the beginning.
All right so the next thing I'd like to do is to pose him for that and move forward.
He needs to kind of prepare for it.
And that move happens.
Let's see he drops down and right about I need to key everything.
And then right about there.
Here is where I think everything should begin.
I'm going to go ahead and key these here I'm going to select the arm the arms and I'll go ahead and
get the elbows and feet and knees controls just everything we've been working with so far and I'll hit
it and I'll go ahead and key the location rotation and scale here.
To put keyframes right here.
So that just kind of put a line of keyframes there that can hold that pose from that point.
So now I'm going to go forward a bit and right about here.
I want his full kind of move pose to be in place.
So as he's kind of flying forward and for that I'd kind of like these things to be like this.
Maybe the hands down like that as he's kind of kind of these arms and limbs or maybe dragging a bit.
As he's moving forward something like this so I'm going to move these back a bit and rotate these down.
And this one back hair and rotate down like that
something like that so he looks like those limbs are kind of dragging as he's moving forward.
Let's see if that worked at all.
Yeah something like that so I'm going to take these key frames now and move them forward just a bit.
Looks like we could give them more time to do that.
I don't think I need this keyframe All right.
Actually I'll move these forward and back just to space them out a little bit differently.
So let's see how this works.
All right now let's get him posed up at that point just before he drops so let's say he comes down like
this.
Moves forward.
Now at this point right here he ought to be in a relatively good pose for the drops so he should come
in and prepare to drop right here.
So what was that 165.
168 Well I'm going to say 170.
I'm going to go ahead and go with this and let's try and get a pose here that we want to have him in
at the top of this arc here just before he drops.
But I have to say if this is where we want the POWs to be we're going to have to go back some key that
aren't we.
So yeah maybe back to well let's see if we want him to hold all of this and tell about.
Right.
Here.
So I'm going to go ahead and keep all of these at this point at 155 so I'm going to hit and location
rotation and scale.
So that'll anchor that pose up to that point.
Now and to move up to 170 and begin posing him here and then I'll adjust the keyframes and how quickly
each limb moves into that pose.
So for this I guess he's going to have to move his legs up some isn't he.
And maybe even his feet a bit for that to prepare for that drop.
I'm going to go ahead and turn off this player so I don't see all of the environment.
So maybe he's preparing to drop and those arms are coming forward a bit
and rotating back a bit like this.
Those arms are looking a little too similar.
Let me move one up and one down.
All right.
Let's see how he looks now.
So he's going to come down
forward.
Right.
That's a little too quick.
But we can work on that.
Well I'm going to keep working on this particular pose and get it timed out.
And in the next video we'll work on the drop down to the ground.